in this program you can have purposes that
they do not know and everything that governments
they did not want to say about the big
decrees of Baltic location
productions presented with men
of black 'minds on white
I imagined that he is about to sleep his
body relaxes its breathing becomes
Slowly your eyes close little by little and
your mind goes through the stage that exists
between wakefulness and sleep at least
you expect it something invades the privacy of
his room feels his presence opens
the eyes in their enclosures I find a
totally unknown attitude man
imposing as imposing as his suit
black serrato not you surprised and
belongs the group of people of all
social class sex and religion that since
the dawn of humanity as well as
Julius Caesar have received the visit of
a man in black aside from his obscure
appearance everyone seems to have something in
they transmit a message in their
Many victims believe they do not remember it but
those who do say that this is not
more than a warning after
be witnesses of some UFO phenomenon to
difference
the movie the attitude of these
visitors is not friendly or
nice men in black
disappointed height robust body and
cold attitude can use threats and
even physical violence to achieve its
committed and force us to forget but
who are where it comes from and what's most
important are real or belong to the
world of dreams the ufo logist and in
Ireland this phenomenon is explained as
one of the many that occur between
wakefulness and sleep and that is called
high strangeness or factor 2 this
theory also applies to others
bedroom visitors such as
their cubes the incubi and the angels of
he saves it in fact as he explains the
folklorist takes fly the men of
black can be considered the
contemporary equivalent of the
ancient angels and demons that
they visited our ancestors in their
defenseless hours of rest is to say
they are apparently oblivious to this plane
as wouldiam woods the devil in
his appearances dresses mainly
in black and always the fashion of the day to
through all times however
other theories accuse them of belonging to
a special organization dedicated to
apply knowledge of the phenomenon or
julia this authorizes them to break into the
life of new witnesses during the
darker hours forcing us like this
silence government soldiers or
the real hells or not the only thing
true is that the ranks of this bizarre
army will serve to swell night
after dark our dark files of
conspiracy
script and production daniel hernandez and
daniel piñero at controls daniel
piñero a clothes of you daniel
hernandez
[Music]